Date: 3/25/2025

The overall code structure was discussed so that every team member gets familiarized with the project’s codebase. It was decided, as a team, to keep the different file types separated from each other to keep the project directory organized and understandable. Also, we went over the overall design of each page (such as manager dashboard, cashier view, staff login page, and customer kiosk interface) and applied minor changes to some of them by majority vote. This way, every team member knows what the overall design should look like for the features they’re implementing.

Date: 3/27/2025

The team went over every part of the project directory to get familiar with how everything is connected. For example, we went over the steps to run the application locally using certain commands like “node index.js.” Also, we discussed the structuring of the API routes so every route is understandable by the team members during the implementation phase. We, then, listed the API routes that’ll be implemented by every team member in a shared google document so that every webpage can be redirected to another webpage when required using those API routes.

Date: 3/29/2025

Every team member shared their work progress of implementing their assigned application features. We helped each other with clearing the confusion of different API route names and how to use them to redirect a webpage. Also, we discussed to keep the code formatting similar so it’s easier for everyone to understand each other’s code. For example, naming conventions for variables and functions (camel case), spacing, and code commenting. Additionally, every team member showed their progress by running their code and got feedbacks on what to add or change.

Date: 04/08/2025

Every team member shared their work progress on the features they were working on by running their code and, then, they received feedbacks on what to change. In addition, we briefly discussed the overall goal of the week which is to finish the basic functionalities of the application, such as placing orders and generating reports. Near the end of the week, we will merge everyone's code so that the user can place an order without running into any problems. As a team, we also decided to work on the theme design of the application after completing all the functionalities of the application.

Date: 04/10/2025

Features that need to be connected during the ordering process, such as customer sign up/in and billing page, several issues on merging such code of some team members were raised. Different types of data (like order items) needs to be accessed in different API routes. Thus, we discussed and studied such API routes to see how they can be called and used to make the necessary features work. Since some of the team members were done with their current tasks, they started working on using the required external APIs and generating specific reports to analyze trends.

Date: 04/12/2025

We decided to push every team member's latest code to the main branch. Most of the team's code was pushed to the main without any merge conflicts. The main challenge for the team was to connect the API routes when the user places an order. The implementation of all the basic functionalities, several sales reports, and external APIs were completed by the team with decent frontend design. For the upcoming week, we planned to start working on the remaining accessibility features like changing the overall font size and finish remaining tasks.

Date: 04/22/2025

Every team shared their work progress by running their code and showing how the current results with minimal page design. Some of the team members were facing syntax or compile error issues when trying to run their code. After spending some time to look for the root cause, we noticed that those team members didn’t have some of the necessary environment variables in their .env file. Then, after resolving such issues, we estimated the required time duration to complete our assigned tasks to stay on track and finish up with the development before the final deadline.

Date: 04/24/2025

Every team member shared their work progress by the running their code while receiving feedback what can be improved. Although, the assigned tasks weren’t fully completed, the work progress of every team member was on track. Then, we discussed about the accessibility features, whether or not each of them should be available for all types of users or only specific users. Since the implementation of keeping the feature consistent across all the pages wasn’t as difficult and not take lot of time, we decided to have it available for all types of users. 

Date: 04/26/2025

Every team member shared their current work progress. Around 90% of the work was completed and some finish touches to the website remained. The team faced a challenge of figuring out how to store the toppings details for every order as it would need to showed in the order history page. We had to make some changes to database, specifically to the orders table. We decided to add a new column named toppings that would store a list of the chosen toppings for every order item placed in an order. In addition, everyone will start shifting the focus on making the webpage design more intuitive and user friendly since the functionalities were working properly. Every team member also showed how to use their newly implemented features.